They say. if you
wanna go fast. go alone.
If you wanna go
far. go together.
So I gotta thank our
sponsors. Montecito jewelers.
Lewis. Lewis. and young.
I hope Lewis is
driving Lewis home.
I see you. man.
You know. we
came together today.
and we raised a lot
of money for a cause
that I know is near and
dear to all our hearts.
I hope you realize what an
impact you've made today
by choosing to
support save the frogs.
So thank you. Thank you.
Thank you to our incredible staff.
And speaking of
choosing things we love.
thank you to my beautiful.
talented wife. Lindsay.
who helped put
this event together.
Whoo!
All right. everyone
get home safe.
Not so fast. mister.
Let's not forget about the best
general manager this club has ever seen.
We love you. joshie!
Love you. Love you.
Thank you so much.
Good night. everybody.
Bye.
Mi amigo! Vegas with the boys
next month. the 19th. Are you in?
My man. I'm always in.
We have to do a
double date soon.
- Yes. we'll make a res at lucky's.
- Yes.
- Can't wait.
- The best.
- Yeah. Love you.
- Get home safe. All right.
Hey. Enrique. enjoy it down
there. Let me know how it is.
Tell Terry I say hi.
Ashley. Psst.
All right. people.
New owner tomorrow.
We need this place spotless.
She's coming all
the way from Korea.
You know how
they like it. Spotless.
All right?
Babe?
Please do not make this such a big
deal. I'll tell Troy that I can't go. Okay?
Will you also tell Troy
your own wife had to
remind you it's her birthday?
Babe. I forgot for one
second. Can we let it go?
Can we not have any
more work calls. please?
- She wouldn't call if it wasn't important.
- It's a country club.
It's not.
What are you thinking?
Just how much I love you.
Stop. you.
That's gonna be us some day.
I can't wait.
Ooh-wee! Must be nice.
Found big boss man's
wallet. Can you drop off?
- You got it.
- No prob.
I said I'm sorry. and it just
seems like you just keep going at it.
Could you please stop making this
about me having a go at you? I'm not.
I'm just objectively saying
we've had a fucking herb garden
on our to-do list for five years.
How do you not find
that fucking depressing?
This is depressing right
now. I find this depressing.
Why can't we just have a great
night? You know. the great fundraiser.
- My god.
- We did that together.
Do you hear yourself?
Great fundraiser?
It's like… are you happy like this? I
feel you're actually happy like this.
Okay. so do you want
me to be more unhappy?
What's the proper amount of unhappy
you would like me to be. Lindsay?
I don't. I just want you to recognize
that this is not what we agreed on.
I'm not passing blame.
I'm just saying. objectively. nothing
that we planned has happened.
Nothing?
As if you don't have
a really nice dress on
and you don't drive a really nice
car and have a really nice life?
That's not the point.
The point is we've been here for
six years. and nothing's finished.
I've got one room
that's halfway done.
Because these things take time.
We both knew you don't just slap together
a bespoke bed and breakfast overnight.
We said we'd be done
by the time you were 40.
- So we're a few years off schedule.
- Okay. we are way off schedule.
- And that's my fault?
- No. My god. Fucking…
I am not saying
it is your fault.
If I go scatter the mulch.
will that make you happy?
- I'm gonna go scatter the mulch right now.
- My god. you are such a fucking child.
This place is like
Rome. What is this?
- It's insane.
- Whoa.
That fountain alone
could pay for our wedding.
Rich people are. like. so gross.
I know.
My gosh.
- Sorry.
- We're so sorry.
- Sorry. You go.
- I'm sorry!
That was… you go. You go.
Should I go?
- He wants us to go.
- Okay.
I shouldn't have gone.
It's infested with
mold. you know.
You know. it must be really nice
to sit in your British fucking tower
and criticize everything instead
of actually doing anything.
I do plenty around here.
Other than feed burberry? Nope.
What am I doing
this evening. then?
Or in this fucking dress? Or at
every charity committee meeting?
You like doing that
stuff. You like doing it.
I hate it. I've just gotten
really good at pretending.
Lindsay. you get privileged
access to titans in every industry.
- You love it. You fucking love it.
- Who? Who are these titans?
We get to be friends
with politicians and CEOs.
- We had dinner with bono.
- This is the thing.
You think that they're
your friends. but they're not.
You're staff. You're an employee.
They pay you to be around.
Well. one of us has to get paid.
Maybe if we had a little more income.
I wouldn't have to do this
job that you find so repulsive.
Well. I gave you my entire inheritance.
and we're still completely underwater.
If you bring up my mother
right now. I will lose my shit.
I do not regret a
dime we spent on her.
You see. when we first started
dating. you said money didn't matter.
And you tricked me.
You fucking tricked me.
It's not just about money.
We haven't had sex in a year.
- It has not been a year.
- My god. fine. So fucking 11 months.
We have a real problem.
Josh. And we don't talk about it.
I don't have time for this. Maybe
you should drink less next time.
Fuck you.
All right. be right back. cutie.
No. I wanna go with you.
You don't have to.
I'll miss you though.
I love you so fucking much.
I love you so much.
Excited to teach you about…
see. this is what you do.
You fuck off in here so
we don't ever have to talk.
- Please leave me alone. Lindsay?
- You doing your pervert shit?
- Is that what's happening?
- My phone.
- Why? Why?
- Give me my phone back.
- Why do you want it? What are you hiding?
- I'm not hiding anything.
I'm listening to a fucking
podcast. I'm working on myself.
Listening to a podcast in your
little shed isn't working on shit. Josh.
Well. you want me to go back to
how I was? Would you prefer that?
Either sexual
deviant or celibacy?
Is there a middle ground
where you want to fuck your wife?
- Maybe if you didn't belittle me.
- I don't even fucking care.
Troy and Ava have sex
every day. by the way. He's 68.
Yeah. well. I would too
if I was married to Ava.
I hate you.
There it is.
- I hate you.
- Yeah. I know.
- Yeah. I fucking hate you.
- I know. I know.
You've wasted…
- yeah.
You've wasted my whole life.
- Then fucking divorce me.
- I would…
- Please divorce me.
- You spent all my money on your mother!
Yeah. this is why
I don't do wallets.
I know. You're literally spending
money to carry money. It's crazy.
You're so smart.
What was that?
I don't know.
I asked you to leave me
alone! I said leave me alone!
That sounds really bad.
Yeah. I feel like you
should wait in the car.
No way. Where you go. I go.
Okay. stay close.
Okay.
I'm gonna record it.
You are painfully average!
Yeah. good job. Lindsay.
You are an empty. selfish woman.
Thank god we didn't have kids!
Fuck you.
- No. no. that's it.
- Stay the fuck away.
- Lindsay. I'm sick of this shit.
- Let me go!
- That's enough. fucking bitch.
- Don't touch me!
Stop! Stop it!
Shit.
Hey. You're safe. That's
all that matters. okay?
We'll call the cops.
- But they'll know that we called. right?
- No. no. No. They barely saw us.
Look. our job is to call it in.
- Stay the fuck away from me.
- My god.
- I'm sick of this shit.
- I think that's blood.
Ash. if I were to ever
raise my voice at you.
I'd hope someone reports me.
Thank god you were recording.
Yeah. but you're… you're
only at the club part-time.
- I have to see them every day.
- It'll be okay.
I'll make sure nothing
happens to you. okay?
Okay.
I think we should
stay out of it.
Okay. then.
Are you mad at me?
No. of course not.
What are you thinking?
That was fucking weird.
I mean… what was that about?
They were employees.
They dropped off my wallet.
Well. what were they doing standing
there? I mean. who does that?
So weird. right?
- Bizarre.
- Yeah. so weird.
How long do you
think they were there?
I don't know. Not sure.
Do you think… you think
they're gonna tell anyone?
What is there to tell?
Couples fight. It's normal.
Yeah.
We're normal.
Right.
- Yeah. we didn't do anything wrong.
- No.
I'll just check in with them in
the morning. you know. Right?
- Yeah.
- I'm sure it's fine.
Just got a bit carried away.
Yeah. we just. had
a little too much wine.
Fuck.
It's the owner.
What the fuck?
Should I answer it? I already
talked to her when she landed.
Y… yes -yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hello. Josh speaking.
Hi. Josh.
Hi. eunice. How are you?
- I'm well. Is now a good time?
- Translator.
Yep. now's a good time.
Yes. Yes. we are. We're all
ready for tomorrow. We're all set.
Yeah. I can't wait to show chairwoman park
what an amazing renovation Lindsay's done.
Yeah. sure.
What's up?
Yes. Yes…
Yeah. we're happy to take a list
down of anything she might need.
What kind of water?
All right. hey. everybody.
As you know. we got the
new owner in the house today.
Everybody's… stressed.
Tensions are high.
And… I know what we're all thinking.
We're all thinking the same thing.
Are there gonna be more cuts?
Is your job safe?
Hey. if it were up to
me. I'd keep all of you.
But I'm just a guy who manages
staff. My job is to keep the owner happy.
And we got a new one coming
in who wants to save money.
So I gotta keep it
real with the squad.
Look. last three months have been
tough. Been shaky. to say the least.
Had to let a lot of people go.
A lot of people.
Ownership change
is… it can be rough.
But. you know. the thing
that I keep coming back to.
the thing that is rock solid
is what an incredible
team we have.
We got each
other's backs. right?
Yeah?
If someone slips up.
we pick them back up.
We pick them up. you know?
You never know what
someone's going through.
So we look for the
best in each other.
And that's why
membership is increasing.
That's why top
athletes come here.
That's why we won
club of the year.
And that's because of you!
All of you! Really!
Okay. so let's go out there. and
let's be team mvp today. Yeah?
All right.
And friendly reminder. no
phones unless it's work-related.
All right. everybody. Thanks.
What the…
Okay. Don't worry.
man. I got you. It's okay.
It's okay. buddy.
It's okay. It's okay.
Come on. Come on.
No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no.
Lindsay! Lindsay!
I'm sick of this shit!
- Let me go!
- That's enough. you bitch!
- Don't fucking touch me!
- Stop! Stop it!
Okay.
Bit of a shit-colored
thing. aren't you?
No.
Yes. Okay. We
can make this work.
We will make this work.
We are going to
land the project.
She's going to love it.
We're going to save money.
We're going to save the money.
And we will claw
our way out of this pit.
you cheaply made
Chinese fire hazard.
Mrs. Crane?
- Hi.
- Can I help you?
- Hello.
Beautiful home.
We're not interested in solar.
No. i'm… I'm Austin.
I… I work at the club.
- Right.
- We saw each other last night.
My god. Yes. So
good to see you again.
Yes.
Pillow fight would
go crazy right now.
Look…
I know it's not my place.
but I'll have you know
that my fiancée and
I are a safe space.
Wow.
- How lovely.
- Miss. miss. miss. you're not alone.
We can work with the authorities
and get you out of this situation.
Okay.
I think you've got the
wrong end of the stick.
I think I got a pretty
good end of the stick.
How old are you?
Twenty-nine.
Aw.
… and how long have you and…
- What's her name?
- Ashley.
Ashley. How long have you
and Ashley been going out?
A year and a half.
Wow. Aw. So early.
Well. you've got a
good fight coming.
And when it does come. you
two are gonna be stronger for it.
If I may say this. ma'am. I don't
think that's how relationships work.
All right.
All I'll say is that
all the couples I know that last.
they've really had at it. you know?
And it's actually the ones that don't
where someone's usually hiding something.
I mean. not to say that
that's your situation with…
- Ashley.
- …Ashley.
But the bad does have
to come out somewhere.
Do you understand?
Are you okay?
Do you want a pillow?
Thank you.
I love it.
Well. the color
really suits you.
Claw me!
Sorry?
White claw.
I'd like a white claw. please.
… Is watermelon okay?
Fantastic. That's
my favorite melon.
We have a lovely
tuna salad cup as well.
I'm good.
- Ashley Miller. right?
- Hi. Yes. Sorry. I'm Ashley.
Last night was fun?
What?
The fundraiser. It
was a good turnout.
No. Yeah…
Yeah. I've never seen
so many people in my life.
How was the rest of your night?
… It was pretty quiet. My
fiancé and I go to bed early.
Austin Davis. right?
Austin Davis. Yeah.
Yeah. that's… that's my guy.
Yeah. my wife said he just
stopped by our place. your guy.
He did?
Wow…
Yeah. sorry. I've had my
phone off since the meeting. …
Yeah. You know what?
We never… we never thanked you
guys for bringing back the wallet.
So. linds really should've
given this to him. But…
- Gosh.
- Here you go.
- No. you don't have to do that.
- No. please. I insist.
No. no. no. I really can't.
Come on. please. You guys
get tips all the time. It's fine.
Not all the time. No.
Really?
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Ashley. you know.
our members pay a lot
of money to come here.
300k initiation fee.
Did you know that?
Yeah. I know.
It's… it's so crazy.
Yeah. it's so crazy. right?
Do you know why they
pay so much to come here?
… the golf?
Yeah.
The golf. The courts.
The exclusivity.
- The discretion.
- Okay.
People need a place
where they can feel safe.
Where they can pretend
everything is okay.
It's the land of make-believe.
Do you follow?
… I think so. Yeah.
Do you. though? Because.
like. when your fiancé comes
and visits my wife unannounced.
I start to wonder.
"is everything okay?"
Do you not wanna make-believe?
'Cause if you don't.
you know.
I can find somebody who does.
No. No. no. I want
to make-believe. sir.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
- You do?
- Yeah.
Good. That's great
to hear. Ashley. Okay.
You're doing great. Keep
up the good work. all right?
- Thank you.
- All right.
Ashley. there's a lot of
balls on that hill there.
You mind grabbing those?
No. of course.
Thank you.
Oops.
No. I asked for
eggshell. and this is bone.
So why is this bone?
Well. this was 30% off.
So is there a discussion
thread that I missed?
- Or was this a Deb-only decision?
- Let me just run to the store...
No. it's fine. I'm just trying to
understand the machinations behind…
All right. All right. everyone.
They're landing. Here we go.
All right. Vivian. we get the
ophora water she wanted? Great.
- Calvin. grounds team did a final pass?
- Everything's shipshape.
- All right. Okay. Linds. everything good?
- Yep. Just making some final adjustments.
Okay. We're all good. by
the way. I spoke to Ashley.
Wonderful.
Okay.
All right. everybody.
Smile. Smile.
Okay. we're happy.
We are excellent.
We're excellent.
Annyeonghaseyo!
Fore!
Hey. sweetie. Did
you see the ball?
Hey there!
I'm so sorry.
You okay. gorgeous?
Damn. you see that ass?
Yeah. Don't mind me.
I think your ball
landed by the cart path.
As you can see. I love light.
I love windows.
I love color.
Love color.
And we pride ourselves on
cleanliness at monte vista point.
It's all… clean.
All of the furniture is vintage.
And I had my team
reupholster these
in the sort of crushed
velvet that's to die for.
All of the furniture is vintage.
Specifically. this sofa was
reupholstered in a crushed velvet.
Yeah. well. we can… we
can circle back on the…
On the velvet. right?
Yeah.
Let's see.
This… this wallpaper reminds me
of my family's cottage in cornwall.
It's where my brother
first doodled a little drawing
that he later turned
into bloomscully.
- Won the pul...
- Which won the pulitzer.
Pulitzer prize.
They are not currently saying
anything worth translating.
There's a lot to change
before my husband visits.
I'm just going to do it myself.
Thumbs up.
- I waited to select the China...
- Dishware. So…
- Dishware.
- The proper term for that.
Until the chairwoman
had a chance to weigh in
because this is her space.
She finds it all very… colonial.
Thank you so much.
She does not like colonial.
Okay.-…
Perhaps something's
getting lost in translation.
She would like it all
redone… by someone else.
Yeah. we're not
married to any of this.
- That's enough. bitch!
- Don't fucking touch me!
Stop it!
- Lindsay! I'm sick of this shit!
- Let me go!
That's enough!
- Sorry for the wait.
- No problem.
Actually. I got a
lot of reading done.
Did you know that whales
can experience mental illness?
All right. so judging by your
symptoms and the ultrasound.
it. seems you have
an ovarian cyst.
Yeah. your. nausea
and abdominal pain
are due to the fact that the.
cyst is twisting your ovary.
Fortunately. it
detorsed on its own.
For now.
You will need surgery
as soon as you can.
Otherwise. you'll continue
experiencing intermittent torsion.
And if the ovary doesn't
detorse like it did today.
it will cut blood
flow to the ovary.
which. can be fatal.
Yeah…
You're only 26. so you're too
young to be thinking about this.
but it might make
getting pregnant difficult.
Any questions?
I… I don't have
health insurance.
Babe. you will find another gig.
You're a good interior designer.
And she liked the vases.
She thought the
vases were great.
You know. we can't control
that… she hated everything else.
I thought it all looked
good. looked great.
I thought somebody could like that.
but… but I gotta make sure she's happy.
She's the boss.
I need all the boss
points I can get right now.
My contract's up. She
hasn't even brought it up once.
She'd be a fool not to keep
you. You're very good at your job.
Thank you.
I didn't mean that
as a compliment.
Cool.
Everyone loves
light. by the way.
There's no human being
that doesn't love light.
- Hey. sweetie. How's it going?
- Hi. dad.
I'm good.
I… I kinda don't know
what to do right now.
- Do you have people over?
- Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
- Say hi.
- Hi!
I'm sorry. sweetie. We really
would've invited you. but it's just...
It's not your dad's fault. I
organized. I should've texted.
- Babe. it's not your fault.
- No problem at all.
So how's your boyfriend?
Fiancé. but that's okay.
- We're… we're still getting used to it.
- What a moron!
What?
Go… go watch the game. please.
Maybe Austin and I will have.
like. an engagement party.
and we can all catch up.
and I'll invite my mom. and…
No!
I… I'm sorry. sweetie.
What did you say?
Yeah. it's… it's not important.
Love you guys!
Are you okay? What happened?
Yeah. it was… it was
just an upset stomach.
Missed you.
Serious?
Follow all the way through.
Like that?
It's perfect.
Appreciate you. Troy. Hey.
one more thing. Can I just ask…
I don't know. man. Do you
think I should talk to her?
Depends. I mean. how
upset did she seem?
I mean. it's hard to tell.
She doesn't speak any English. so I
can only go by what the translator says.
Well. look. bud.
I'll keep an ear out.
but I'm sure she'll
extend your contract soon.
Worst-case scenario.
I'll rally the members. and
we'll start a petition or something.
Aw. that means a lot. Thank you.
Of course. Anything
for you. man.
You're the best. man.
Ha!
Hey. by the way.
what was up with
the kitchen today?
What? What do you mean?
My meal was. like.
super lukewarm.
I… I might even say it was cold.
The squash blossoms
were soggy too.
That's unacceptable. I'm on it.
Appreciate you. mi amigo.
See you mañana.
I love you.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm just… i'm
just… I'm just getting close.
I love you.
Just come inside me. okay?
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. I'm sure.
I'm so close. Don't stop.
My god.
Man.
No. no more. No more.
No more.
No. thank you.
What actually happens is
that your baseline
level of dopamine drops.
And I will explain the
precise mechanism for that.
Okay. in the
neuroscience literature.
we refer to this as tonic
and phasic release…
Boring.
Wait. what?
What does that mean?
I don't know. I guess I'm gonna
need surgery or something.
It's gonna be hard
for us to get pregnant.
I'm so sorry.
I was scared to tell you 'cause I
thought you'd break up with me.
Ash. I would never.
I'm always worried
you're gonna leave me.
Why?
I can't do. like.
the one basic thing
that this whole. like. everything
is about. like. everywhere.
Nature. It's what
everything does. and I can't.
Hey.
You're powerful. You're perfect.
Look at me. You can do anything.
I'll remind you we're
gonna have the best life.
My god. That's not
gonna work right now.
No. for real.
We've always said all we need
is each other and the beach.
My god. Austin.
If we wanna have a baby. i'm
gonna need a special doctor. okay?
And then I'm gonna need surgery.
which means I need a
job with health insurance.
which means I need
a high school diploma.
which means I'm a fucking loser.
Don't say that about
yourself. That's not true.
Tell me what to do. then.
I don't know.
This is new for me too.
Tell me.
Please.
Late-stage capitalism.
It's all about
fighting it. right?
- What are you talking about?
- The system.
The system is designed
to make you feel despair.
Like. the disparity is systemic.
You know what I mean?
- Like income inequality?
- Yes. exactly.
You know the 16-piece
at KFC is $52.99 right now.
- How often are you going?
- That's not my point.
It's on the way to work.
Look. what I'm trying to say is
none of this
is your fault. okay?
The people in charge have
made it impossible for us.
Yeah…
Okay. yeah. I guess I've
been feeling that a lot lately. I…
I just didn't have
the right words for it.
I've been feeling it too.
Like. sometimes I feel
like I peaked in college
and I'm not bringing
enough to the table.
And sometimes I can get down
about it. but then I remember
that we work at a
fucking country club
where everyone grabbed
the bag before we could.
Of course we feel this way.
Yeah. fucking Josh
gets paid the most.
He's just being a dick all day.
I mean. we wouldn't even be in this
mess if he hadn't made me pick up balls.
Yeah.
It's unfair.
Globally.
There… there's gotta be a
redistribution of the wealth.
and. like. we should
all get out and vote.
Yeah. I mean. what you're really saying
is we've gotta take it back from everyone.
Broadly speaking. yes.
You know. I was reading
how antitrust laws might help.
You know what would help?
Is if perfectly good
people stopped getting fired
and this fucking abuser
loses his job instead.
Yeah. No. we should be reexamining
everyone in power for sure.
You know. I saw this thing
on lobbying regulations and…
I didn't read it. but
just let me find it.
I'll send it to you right now.
Fuck.
Gonna be you
and me
gonna be everything you
you ever dreamed.
I'm gonna be who
you need
- gonna be everything… -hey.
- Hey.